Imrove WeChat Documentation with Steps (#119902)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/identity-provider-wechat.md

## Prerequisites

[!INCLUDE [active-directory-b2c-customization-prerequisites](../../includes/active-directory-b2c-customization-prerequisites.md)]

> 1. Approved Weixin Open Platform account ([https://kf.qq.com](https://kf.qq.com/faq/161220Brem2Q161220uUjERB.html))
> 1. Approved application on Weixin Open Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Get an approved Weixin Open Platform account at [https://kf.qq.com](https://kf.qq.com/faq/161220Brem2Q161220uUjERB.html).
* Get an approved application on Weixin Open Platform.
```

## Create a WeChat application

To enable sign-in for users with a WeChat account in Azure Active Directory B2C (Azure AD B2C), you need to create an application in [WeChat management center](https://open.weixin.qq.com/). If you don't already have a Weixin Open Platform account, you can get information at [https://kf.qq.com](https://kf.qq.com/faq/161220Brem2Q161220uUjERB.html). The Weixin Open Platform account and application must be approved to link WeChat as an identity provider to your user flow.

### Register a WeChat application

1. Sign in to [https://open.weixin.qq.com/](https://open.weixin.qq.com/) with your WeChat credentials.
1. Select **管理中心** (management center).
1. Follow the steps to register a new application.

> 1. Under the **Development information** section, set the "Authorization callback domain" to `your-tenant-name.b2clogin.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Development information** section, set the "Authorization callback domain" to `your-tenant-name.b2clogin.com`.
```

1. For the **Client secret**, enter the APP KEY that you recorded.
1. Select **Save**.

>     ![Screenshot showing popup titled Configure social identity provider with completed form fields for social identity provider name, WeChat client ID and app secret.](media/identity-provider-azure-ad-b2c/wechat-client-configuration.png)

Author: #sign-off

>     ![Screenshot showing popup titled Configure social identity provider with completed form fields for social identity provider name, WeChat client ID and app secret.](media/identity-provider-azure-ad-b2c/wechat-client-configuration.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :::image type="content" source="media/identity-provider-azure-ad-b2c/wechat-client-configuration.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows the Configure social identity provider window, with completed form fields for social identity provider name, WeChat client ID, and app secret." lightbox="media/identity-provider-azure-ad-b2c/wechat-client-configuration.png":::
```

## Add WeChat identity provider to a user flow 

1. In your Azure AD B2C tenant, select **User flows**.
1. Click the user flow that you want to add the WeChat identity provider.
1. Under the **Social identity providers**, select **WeChat**.
1. Select **Save**.

>    ![Screenshot showing WeChat as a selected identity provider in Identity Providers blade.](media/identity-provider-azure-ad-b2c/link-wechat-identity-provider.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/identity-provider-azure-ad-b2c/link-wechat-identity-provider.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing WeChat as a selected identity provider in the Identity Providers section." lightbox="media/identity-provider-azure-ad-b2c/link-wechat-identity-provider.png":::
```
